[Music]
your records you use a lot of F word a
lot of swearing and this and that again
is it necessary to get your message
across to use that kind of language is
it use the sexual imagery you use the
shocking physical appearance you've done
some bizarre things on stage and you use
profanity all that necessary sometimes I
think sometimes when you're making a
point I don't think that my lyrics are
over laced with profanity because I
myself don't speak using a lot of
profanity and normal conversation but I
think when you're making something
aggressive and you need to get a point
across if you're angry sometimes
profanity is necessary it's better to
use a curse word than to hurt somebody
else
nor has a culture especially a culture
of young people appeared to be so
transfixed with death and darkness and
evil and do I
everyone's so afraid of death I think
that they want to get closer to it by
fascinating over things like serial
killers and horror movies and car
crashes and that fear of that danger at
these concerts in these mosh pits I
think people get a sexual thrill from it
I think that excites people so there's
erotica then is a part of my maybe it's
not erotic but there's there's a the
term called eustress and it's people's
euphoric feeling over their stress you
think people thrive off of that it's
like a mutant park right at your own
risk you know at the concerts there's a
hint of danger people their impression
of you is many people like you of course
that your that your fan base other
people are reviled and horrified by you
and what you supposedly stand for is
that it a fair assessment of things well
I've always measured success not only by
the amount of people that love you but
the ones that hate you too right if you
do something that everybody loves it's
not worth too much and you liked it to
get people upset do you does that is
that part of what the fuels use I like
to provoke people so they think you know
I think that's that's a healthy part of
entertainment that you don't get too
much from the Spice Girls Maryland we
leave with you buying this
ready and put her out of her misery okay
I feel uncomfortable you do right now
yeah you're the one who's wrong for
feeling come I was about to get rid of
her and you're real sensitive nice
conservative guy and you make me feeling
come on Marilyn to spank you would you
like that would that get you going
please get over his name I'm spank you
I'm not gonna spank her
you're gonna spank her no I don't
believe in corporal punishment trying to
put your hand in Marilyn's lap he
wouldn't allow me to he's so loyal to
his girlfriend you can be loyal to your
girlfriend put a hand in your lap' oh my
god took her hand and put it in your
crotch I didn't put it in my crotch are
you touching his crotch but there's my
crotch there's their hands so now
yourself and your girlfriend actress
Rose McGowan you get to be invited to a
lot of the big celebrity booze you're on
the a-list does that surprise you that
you know the celebrity couple I don't
know if we're accepted we looked at
they're cool to hang out with you know I
suppose but that's kind of the joke of
Hollywood and that's kind of you know
where I was at with songs like the dope
show mm-hmm kind of having a laugh at
house we all that could be you know
rather than be overwhelmed by Fame or
being sucked into the nonsense of it all
on national television I want to ask you
okay what standards do you have and
where do you draw the line as far as
what is good and what is evil I have
basic principles that kind of exists in
all religions even Christianity that's
yes well the fundamentals you know you
don't kill people you know a basic good
person okay so probably the same as
yours do you know they're not saying
yeah than ever did you have a rib
removed so that you could perform oral
sex on yourself short answer is if I did
I wouldn't be here right now
long answer is I wouldn't be here right
now those who try and impersonate you
that what I was trying to impersonate
your style biggest pet peeve I'm not
aware of those well I guess you know I
don't really have nothing no I don't
really have a criticism towards it I
think that I actually if I went to a
Halloween costume party dressed as
myself I would lose because I would
confuse them I'm not really sure that's
a weird question I don't I don't have
any I don't like pet peeves I haven't I
have two pet cats William and rusty you
ever do any bass fishing I don't like
sports no nobody's watching I have one
Morel sports yeah one what my only
morals I don't believe in sports
oh is that right none at all do you
watch this he did used to beat me on for
all the kids they are that must have
been awful well tell us about that would
you would you get pounded on a regular
basis on your way to like this in grade
school or high school or what to be
honest with you if I wasn't me I would
have beat me up too I don't understand
why you picked Catholicism why you go
with the the cross with God with the
Pope to me she has lost her religion
because of watching listening to him as
well as other musicians she's not a
Catholic anymore she has no religion
anymore and that's what's bothering me
well you know it could be because it was
your religion and what it maybe wasn't
supposed to be hers I tried to look at
the things that I was taught growing up
about Christianity in a different way
you know I looked at the image of Christ
on the cross and the story of him
someone who was a revolutionary with
dangerous ideas and I started saying to
myself oh I can relate to this story now
I'm not gonna dismiss it but I'm gonna
I'm gonna interpret it in a different
way so everybody should they have to be
open-minded you I'm sure when you were
young you didn't want to listen to what
your parents were trying to tell you to
believe in
[Music]